X = query, e.g. "cars"

// What
What is X?
What does X do?
What are some key features of X?
What functions does X have?
How would someone use X?
Summarize the above responses into a paragraph.
Give me a list of key points of X from the previous response, where each point is 1-2 words.

// Why
What is the purpose of X?
What led to the development of X?
What did X replace?
Why was X made?
Why is X made today?
Why do people use X?
Why do people like X?
Summarize the above responses into a paragraph.
Give me a list of key reasons for X from the previous response, where each reason is 1-2 words.

// Examples
Give me examples of X.
Give me examples of popular X from the past 10 years.
Give me examples of popular X from the past 100 years.
Give me examples of X from the past 10 years designed in the United States.
Give me examples of X from the past 10 years designed in Europe.
Give me examples of X from the past 10 years designed in Asia.
Summarize the above responses into a paragraph.
Give me a list of key examples of X from the previous response, where each example is 1-2 words.

// Analogies
Give me 5 examples of things similar to X and why they are similar.
Explain what X is in terms of the examples.
Summarize the above responses into a paragraph.
Give me a list of key points of X from the previous response, where each point is 1-2 words.

// When
What is the history of X? 
What are notable moments in the history of X?
Give me a timeline of the history of X.
What are the key events in the history of X? 
What are the key events in the past 10 years for X?
What are the key events in the past 100 years for X?
What are the key developments in the history of X? 
What are the key developments in the past 10 years for X?
What are the key developments in the past 100 years for X?
Summarize the above responses into a paragraph.
Give me a list of key events ordered by year from the previous response, where each event is a 1-2 words.

// Where
Where is X made today?
Where was X made in the 20th century?
Where was X developed originally?
Where was X manufactured in the 20th century?
Where is X manufactured today?
In what countries did key developments in X happen?
Summarize the above responses into a paragraph.
Give me a list of key countries from the previous response, where each country is 1-2 words.

// Who
Who is the target demographic for X today?
Who are the target demographics for different types of X over the past 10 years?
Who are the key people in the history of X? 
Who are key people in the present day for X?
Summarize the above responses into a paragraph.
Give me a list of key people and key companies from the previous response, where each person or company is 1-2 words.

// How
How was X developed over the past 10 years?
How was X manufactured over the past 10 years?
How was X developed over the past 100 years?
How was X manufactured over the past 100 years?
Summarize the above responses into a paragraph.
Give me a list of key points from the previous response, where each point is 1-2 words.

// Up
What systems are X used in?

// Across
What does X replace?
What can I use instead of X?

// Detailed
What is X made of?
What is X made of today?
What are the key components of X?
What are the key engineering challenges of X?
What is the manufacturing process of X?
Summarize the above responses into a paragraph.
Give me a list of key points from the previous response, where each point is 1-2 words.
